Feature/rspec api documentation integration (#269)
rootstrap/rails_api_base: README.md

http://docs.railsapibase.apiary.io

With [Rspec API Doc Generator](https://github.com/zipmark/rspec_api_documentation) you can generate the docs after writing the acceptance specs.

Just run:

> ` sh ./bin/docs `

Reviewer: Do we need the `sh` at the beginning? 

```suggestion
`./bin/docs `
```

Author: At least for zsh shell, yes 🤔

> And an `apiary.apib` file will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `apiary.apib` file will be generated at the root directory of the project.
```
